
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <title>Terms and Conditions</title>

</head>

<body>
<p class="MsoNormal">These terms and conditions apply to the opening of JCash  Account and subsequent use of the Branchless Banking Services offered by JS  Bank limited.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">For JCash Account Opening the applicant shall visit their  nearest Telco Franchises, Telco Customer Service Centers and JS Bank limited  Branches. JS Bank limited shall be entitled at its sole discretion to  accept or reject such applications.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">The customer shall visit JCash Agent, JCash Shop, Telco  Franchises, Service Centres &amp; JS Bank Limited Branches for JCash  Services and Account Opening.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">The Customer opening or operating a JCash Account is  deemed to have read, understood and accepted these Terms &amp; Conditions and  the applicable schedule of charges issued and amended from time to time by  JS Bank Limited.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&quot;Branchless Banking&quot;' shall bear the meaning  ascribed to that term in the Branchless Banking Regulations (&quot;BB  Regulations&quot;) issued by the State Bank of Pakistan.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="line-height:107%;   color:#1F4E79; ">A: Definitions</span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal">The following words shall have the meanings stated  hereunder, unless the context otherwise requires:</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&ldquo;JCash&rdquo; is a registered Brand name for the Branchless  Banking Services offered by JS Bank limited in collaboration with Telco.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&ldquo;Bank&rdquo; means JS Bank limited (JSBL), a banking company  as defined in the Banking Companies Ordinance, 1962 and having its registered  office at Karachi, Pakistan, and includes the Bank's  successors- in-interest and assigns. &ldquo;Telco(CMPAK)&rdquo;  a company  incorporated under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at Karachi (hereinafter  referred to as CMPAK which term whenever occurring  in   this  agency  agreement   shall  mean  and   include  its  successors-in-interest and assigns) of the other part.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&quot;JCash Account&quot; means a virtual   branchless    banking current account, through which the JCash transactions are  carried out. </p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&quot;JCash Account Holder&quot; means an individual who  maintain(s) JCash account with JS Bank limited.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&ldquo;JCash Transaction&rdquo; or &ldquo;Transaction&rdquo; means a transaction  made by the JCash account holder using the Branchless Banking Account  &quot;Statement&rdquo; of Account means the periodic statement of JCash account,  showing the transactions carried out and the balance in the JCash Account for  the related period.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&quot;PIN&quot; means the confidential Personal  Identification Number allocated to JCash account holder by JS Bank  limited or chosen by the JCash account holder from time to time in order to  complete the branchless banking transactions.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&ldquo;Beneficiary&rdquo; The individual or company, who receives the  payment in transaction.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&ldquo;Schedule  of  Charges&rdquo; means the document  which   includes  the prescribed fees,  charges and levies for use of the JCash services and which shall form a part  of the Terms and Conditions, and which may be modified or amended by the Bank  at its sole discretion from time to time. The Schedule of Charges is available  at branches of the JS Bank Limited, Telco Franchises, and Customer Service  Centres and on the website i.e. <a href="https://www.Telco.com.pk/JCash" target="_blank">www.Telco.com.pk/JCash</a></p>
<p class="MsoNormal">''Terms and Conditions&quot; means below mentioned terms and  conditions governing the use of the JCash Services.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&quot;Customer&quot; is a legal person or body of persons  whether incorporated or not.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&ldquo;Branchless Banking Agent&rdquo; means agent providing basic  banking services (as described in SBP regulations) to the customers of JCash  on behalf of JS Bank Limited and Telco under a valid agency agreement.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">B: Registration for  JCash</span></strong></p>
<ol>
  <li>The Customer may register for the Services  through JS Bank Limited, Telco Franchises, Customer Service Centers and on the  website i.e. www.JCash.com. The Customer must possess a valid CNIC in original  and a verified legible photocopy of the same along with an active and valid SIM  in his/her at the time of opening a JCash account in any JS Bank Limited  branches across the country.</li>
  <li>The Customer's Proper identification/ Know Your  Customer related documents/information will be required.</li>
  <li>The Customer will generate &amp; confirm the  transaction PIN in order to complete the registration process.</li>
  <li>The Customer will accept these Terms and  Conditions governing the use of the Service.</li>
  <li>The Bank reserves the right to refuse the  customer's registration, with or without assigning any reason.</li>
  <li>The customer shall comply with other criteria  laid down by the State Bank of Pakistan including those set forth in the  JCash Regulations.</li>
  <li>In order to be able to make payments to other  persons using the Services, the customer needs to have the other person set up  as a beneficiary on his/her account maintained with JS Bank Limited. The  beneficiary must also be an JS Bank Limited JCash account holder.</li>
</ol>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">C: The Use of Branchless  Banking</span></strong></p>
<ol>
  <li>JCash Account can be accessed through the  active registered SIM.</li>
  <li>JCash Transaction requests will be authorized  only through the customer's transaction PIN via the Registered JCash account  number.</li>
  <li>JCash transaction will be executed only if the  customer has enough balance available in his/her JCash account to complete  the requested transactions and the transaction amount is less than the  branchless banking default limits. JS Bank Limited reserves the right to  refuse any authorization relating to the JCash transactions, in case the said  terms are not met by the customer.</li>
  <li>Information regarding the default limits of  JCash account is available at all JS Bank Limited branches and Telco  franchises, the customer may call the helpline &quot;170&quot; for  further clarification. JS Bank Limited reserves the right to change the  default limits, which shall be communicated to the customer from time to time.</li>
  <li>While authorizing a JCash transaction, the  customer will be delivered a set of instructions to follow in order to complete  the transaction.</li>
  <li>Personal accounts shall not be allowed to be  used for charity purposes I collection of donations.</li>
  <li>Transaction limits are set according to SBP  Regulations.</li>
</ol>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">D: Security of  Branchless Banking</span></strong></p>
<ol>
  <li>The main security feature of the Service is the  four (4) digits transaction pin, which is used to authorize every JCash  transaction requests.</li>
  <li>For certain transactions, a unique transaction  reference number shall be generated, which will remain activate for a specific  time period before completion &amp; authorization, after which it will not be  recognized by the system.</li>
  <li>The security of the transaction PIN is the  customer's responsibility, which may not be compromised under any  circumstances. The customer must not store the PIN in his/her mobile handset in  any way whatsoever and must not disclose it to anyone including JS Bank  limited.</li>
  <li>If anyone gains access to the customer's  registered JCash account number along with his/her PIN and SIM, he/she can  authorize all JCash transactions on the customer's behalf. The customer will  be liable for any loss caused by the transactions processed during this period  until the customer advice the Bank to suspend or block the service.</li>
  <li>In case of lost/stolen handset or SIM, the  customer must inform immediately at JCash Help Line &quot;170&quot; for  blocking of his/her Registered JCash Account.</li>
  <li>Upon a SIM replacement for the same number, the  transaction PIN shall be changed. The customer will be required to call the  Helpline &quot;170&quot; and request for PIN change before the usage  of JCash account.</li>
</ol>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">E: Fees/Charges</span></strong></p>
<ol>
  <li>No profit or markup will be paid on funds held  in the customer's JCash account.</li>
  <li>By using the service the customer authorizes  JS Bank Limited to debit his/her JCash account with the transaction fees. </li>
  <li>All transactions, fees and charges will be shown  in the customer's statement; mini statement, or on a transaction record  available from one of our branches. JS Bank Limited reserves the right to  change any transaction fees/ charges at any time.</li>
  <li>Information regarding transaction fees/charges  is available in &ldquo;schedule of Charges&rdquo; which is available at Telco Franchises,  Customer Services Centre, Branches of JS Bank Limited and on the website  i.e. www.JCash.com.</li>
  <li>Any additional fee that may be charged by Telco  shall need to be settled between the customer and Telco.</li>
</ol>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">F: Fraud/ Complaint  Management System</span></strong></p>
<ol>
  <li>If the customer thinks he/she has been a victim of a JCash fraud, he/she must inform the Bank through JCash helpline number  &ldquo;170&rdquo; as soon as he/she become aware that a suspicious transaction has  occurred in respect of his/her JCash account. The Bank will investigate the complaint and revert to the customer within a reasonable period of time.</li>
  <li>The customer must ensure that:</li>
  <ol>
    <li>He/she has provided the Bank, the correct  information with respect to his/her JCash account number, registered Telco SIM  number and the detail of fraud/ complaint.</li>
    <li>He/she has complied with all safety measures  listed under &quot;Point K&quot; of these Terms and Conditions.</li>
    <li>He/she shall co-operate with the Bank during the  investigation period.</li>
  </ol>
</ol>
<p class="MsoListParagraphCxSpMiddle" style="margin-left:1.25in;">&nbsp;</p>
<ol>
  <li>The JCash account, in all respects, shall be  governed by the laws of Pakistan and any complaint or claim against the Bank  must be lodged in Pakistan and with the concerned branch only.</li>
</ol>
<p class="MsoListParagraphCxSpLast">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">G: Disclosure</span></strong></p>
<ol>
  <li>JS Bank Limited is authorized to disclose at any time and for any purpose,  any information whatsoever relating to your personal particulars, accounts,  transactions or dealings with JS Bank Limited, to the head office or any  JS Bank Limited branches, subsidiaries or associated or affiliated entities of JS Bank Limited wherever  located; any government or regulatory agencies or authorities in Pakistan or  elsewhere; any agents or contractors which have entered into any agreement to  perform any service (s) for the Bank's benefit; credit information bureaus; the court of competent  jurisdiction, quasi-judicial authorities, law enforcement agencies and any  other relevant authority/person(s) whatsoever where the disclosures are  required by law or otherwise to whom the Bank deems fit to disclose.</li>
  <li>The customer must ensure that all  account/personal related information disclosed with the service is kept  confidential except in a case where the customer is required to provide  information by law or regulation or by JS Bank Limited from time to time.</li>
  <li>JS Bank limited reserves the right to  contact the customer via email, SMS or phone call for verification &amp;  investigation elated to the JCash services and/or acquires details from the  customer in relation thereto.</li>
</ol>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">H: Termination of the  Agreement/Withdrawal of the Service</span></strong></p>
<ol>
  <li>JCash account will become dormant/ inactive in  case of no financial transaction through the same account executed for a time  period of 06 months.</li>
  <li>The Bank may at any time terminate or suspend  this agreement and the customer's rights to use the service with or without any  prior notice if:</li>
  <li>The customer's CNIC is not verifiable.</li>
  <li>The customer has provided incorrect/misleading  information.</li>
  <li>The customer has disclosed or compromised  his/her transaction PIN.</li>
  <li>The customer does not adhere to these Terms and  Conditions.</li>
  <li>The customer uses the service <strong>illegally</strong>.</li>
  <li>The customer may also at any time terminate  JCash Service by giving the Bank such notice in writing, by contacting the  JCash Helpline &ldquo;170&rdquo; any JS Bank limited branch or any Telco  Franchises and Customer Services Centres.</li>
</ol>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">I: Demise of BB  accountholder:</span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal">In case the Bank receives notice of the demise of any JCash  account holder, the Bank will not be obliged to authorize any JCash  transaction except on production of a succession certificate/ Letter of  administration or other court orders, from court of competent jurisdiction and  any other legal formalities as may deemed appropriate by the Bank.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">J: Liability/  Exclusions of Liability and Indemnity.</span></strong></p>
<ol>
  <li>The customer will be liable to take all  necessary precautions to prevent unauthorized and illegal use of his/her  JCash account.</li>
  <li>The customer will be liable for any unauthorized  transaction that has been debited to his/her JCash account through any person  other than the customer using his/her transaction PIN.</li>
  <li>If there are any transactions or fee still  unpaid by the customer after the termination of service, the customer will be  liable for the full outstanding amount owed to JS Bank Limited. In this  regard the Bank reserves the right to adjust the outstanding dues from his/her  any other account with JS Bank limited (if any).</li>
  <li>The Bank shall not be responsible or liable for  any loss suffered as a result of the Bank deemed prevented from or delayed in  providing services in relation to the JCash account or any JCash services.</li>
  <li>The Bank will not honor any claim and shall not  be responsible for any loss that may be caused to the customer by third party,  resulting from his/her negligence in taking care of Telco SIM issued by M/s  CMPak and/ or transaction PIN issued by the Bank.</li>
  <li>The Bank shall not be responsible or liable for  any loss suffered as a result of the Bank being prevented from or delayed in  providing any service pertaining to the JCash service or any other services  including due to strike, acts of war, any natural calamities, failure of power  supplies or equipment or any other cause beyond the Bank's reasonable control.</li>
  <li>The customer will be responsible for providing  the Bank correct information and instructions when setting up beneficiary and  making payment to him/her. The Bank will not be responsible for the  verification of the identity of beneficiary. Its role is to follow the  customer's instructions.</li>
  <li>The Bank will not be liable for any loss or  damage caused by the customer's error, either in setting up the beneficiary or  in making the payments.</li>
  <li>The Bank accept no liability whatsoever arising  from any delay or failure by the Bank to send an SMS or the accuracy of the  transmit­ ted information.</li>
  <li>The customer is responsible to communicate in  writing to the Bank regarding the change of his/her postal/email address. The  Bank will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery due to wrong address.</li>
  <li>The customer will not transfer, in any way, any  of the rights and obligations pertaining to the customer in terms of the  Service to any other person or entity without the prior consent of JS Bank  Limited.</li>
</ol>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">K: Safety Measures  Secure Transaction PIN/ Code</span></strong></p>
<ol>
  <li>Do not disclose transaction PIN/ Code to anyone.</li>
  <li>Do not store transaction PIN/ Code on the mobile  device.</li>
  <li>Regularly change transaction PIN and avoid using  easy­ to-guess passwords such as birthdays.</li>
  <li>Keep personal Information private:</li>
  <li>Do not disclose personal information, such as  PIN, to any unauthorized person.</li>
  <li>Keep records of JCash Transactions:</li>
  <li>Regularly check transaction history details and  statements to make sure that there are no unauthorized transactions.</li>
  <li>Review and reconcile periodical Bank statements  for any errors or unauthorized transactions promptly and thoroughly.</li>
  <li>Immediately notify the Bank if there are  unauthorized entries or transactions in the account.</li>
  <li>Be vigilant while Initiating or authorizing/ responding  to transactions.</li>
  <ol>
    <li>Before doing any transactions or sending  personal information, make sure that correct agent number, transaction number  and message format is being used. Beware of bogus or look alike SMS messages  which may be designed to deceive consumers.</li>
  </ol>
  <li>Take special care of your mobile device. </li>
  <ol>
    <li>Do not leave your mobile device unattended. It  may be used wrongly by someone having access to the personal information and/or  PIN code.</li>
  </ol>
  <li>Learn by heart and keep handy the account  blocking procedures.</li>
  <ol>
    <li>In case the mobile phone is snatched I stolen  please immediately proceed with account blocking/theft reporting procedures.  For this, the customer needs to familiarize himself/herself with the procedures  to be followed, learn by heart the number provided by the Bank for the purpose  and either remember or keep handy the information (such as mobile account  number, CNIC number, secret question etc.) this may be required to complete  account blocking procedures.</li>
  </ol>
</ol>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">L: Links to Third  Parties&rsquo; Communication Systems</span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal">The communication system may contain links to other  communication systems that carry information and material produced by other  parties. While we try to provide links only to reputable communication systems,  we cannot accept responsibility or liability for the information provided on  other communication systems. A link from our communication system to any other  communication system does not mean that we have scrutinized or endorsed the  owners or administrators of such communication systems or their business or  security practices and operations.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal"><strong><span style="  color:#1F4E79; ">M: General</span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal">In case the customer requests for Port-Out. Number Change or  number Termination and/or the change of ownership, there will be a requirement  to first close the existing Branchless Banking account with JS Bank  Limited.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">JS Bank Limited may from time to time amend these Terms  and Conditions or the services offered by branchless banking account. The  customer will be notified of such changes within a reasonable time frame.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">I hereby agree to abide by the Throughput limits and  minimum/ maximum balance limits as determined by the bank from time to time.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">I affirm to have read &amp; understood the above &quot;Terms  &amp; conditions&quot; and agree to abide by the same. I also acknowledge  having received the copy of this document.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
</body>
</html>
